So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.
Needless to say, I wasted my money.
What a waste of money and time!.
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.
The commercials are the most misleading.
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.
Doesn't hold charge.
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.
Poor Talk Time Performance.
worthless product.
I was not impressed by this product.
I only hear garbage for audio.
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.
Disappointed with battery.
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.
VERY DISAPPOINTED.
The buttons for on and off are bad.
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.
Buy a different phone - but not this.
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.
Mic Doesn't work.
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!
Not a good bargain.
The battery runs down quickly.
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.
The construction of the headsets is poor.
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.
The ear buds only play music in one ear.
Dont waste your money...
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.
I found this product to be waaay too big.
I'm very disappointed with my decision.
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.
Could not get strong enough signal.
Bad Quality.
Basically the service was very bad.
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.
What a waste.
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.
I was not happy with this item.
very disappointed.
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.
What a waste of time!
Its reception is very very poor.
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.
I Was Hoping for More.
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.
doesn't last long.
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.
Thank you for wasting my money.
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!
Don't buy this product.
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.
Design Flaw?.
Waste of 13 bucks.
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.
The replacement died in a few weeks.
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.
Not impressed.
Bad Choice.
The pleather case doesn't fit.
useless phone, simply deaf.
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.
Battery lasts only a few hours.
We are sending it back.
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.
WORST PHONE EVER.
Freezes frequently4.
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.
I'm a bit disappointed.
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).
The battery is completely useless to me.
What a big waste of time.
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.
Do not make the same mistake as me.
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.
the phone was unusable and was not new.
Worst Customer Service Ever.
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it
poor quality and service.
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.
Absolutel junk.
THAT one didn't work either.
Returned 8 hours later.
Don't waste your money!.
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.
Unreliable - I'm giving up.
Avoid this one if you can.
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.
First of all, it doesn't wear well.
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.
Piece of Junk.
Poorly contstruct hinge.
Don't buy it.
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.
Customer service was terrible.
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.
Sending it back.
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.
They do not care about the consumer one bit.
The instruction manual is lacking.
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).
I want my money back.
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.
The plug did not work very well.
AMAZON SUCKS.
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.
Very disappointing.
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.
Was not happy.
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!
Worst customer service.
Reception is terrible and full of static.
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.
Were JERKS on the phone.
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.
Excellent starter wireless headset.
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.
bad fit, way too big.
Waste of money.
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.
Soyo technology sucks.
Same problem as others have mentioned.
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.
Poor sound quality.
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!
what a disappointment
don't waste your money and time.
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.
Don't make the same mistake I did.
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.
Low Quality.
Warning - Stay away.
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.
Very Displeased.
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.
Does not fit.
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.
Horrible phone.
BT50 battery junk!.
Cant get the software to work with my computer.
Disappointed!.
poor voice clarity.
No buyers remorse on this one!.
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.
I'd like to return it.
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.
A Disappointment.
Its not user friendly.
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.
Pretty piece of junk.
Plug was the wrong size.
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.
Bad Purchase.
Defective crap.
I would have given no star if I was able.
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.
I would not recommend this item to anyone.
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)
REALLY UGLY.
horrible, had to switch 3 times.
No real improvement.
They refuse to refund or replace.
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.
Don't buy this product.
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.
It's AGGRAVATING!
None of it works, just don't buy it.
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.
Please dont waste your money.
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.
Disapointing Results.
Cumbersome design.
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!
Worst ever.
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"
The battery life is highly unacceptable.
That company is a joke.
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.
Sprint - terrible customer service.
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...
Piece of trash.
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.
Poor Construction.
This is infuriating.
Sprint charges for this service.
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.
Poor product.
However I needed some better instructions.
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.
Very Dissapointing Performance.
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.
Don't bother - go to the store.
You get what you pay for I guess.
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.
Battery is terrible.
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.
Talk about USELESS customer service.
It felt too light and "tinny.".
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.
I could not recommend these more.
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.
Truly awful.
And none of the tones is acceptable.
camera color balance is AWFUL.
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.
It doesn't make you look cool.
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.
So just beware.
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.
Poor quality.
Not worth it.
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!
stay away from this store, be careful.
Does not fit.
disappointing.
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.
Would not reccommend.
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.
wont work right or atleast for me.
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.
I am sorry I made this purchase.
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.
It was horrible!.
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.
They work about 2 weeks then break.
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.
NOT WHAT I WANTED.
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.
$50 Down the drain.
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.
Does Not Work.
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).
Improper description.... I had to return it.
Battery has no life.
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.
Doesn't do the job.
Awkward to use and unreliable.
Not as good as I had hoped.
Doesn't Work.
Unfortunately it did not work.
All three broke within two months of use.
dont buy it.
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.
Horrible, horrible protector.
I don't like this Nokia either.
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.
It's not what it says it is.
Stay Away From the Q!.
Used and dirty.
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !
Not good enough for the price.
I bought two of them and neither will charge.
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.
Just does not work.
Poor Reliability.
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.
Terrible product, and waste of money!
Last time buying from you.
It was a waste of my money.
The item received was Counterfeit.
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.
Having trouble with volume.
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.
Bad Reception.
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!
Don't buy this product - It fails!.
Everything about this product is wrong.First
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.
Terrible phone holder.
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.
How stupid is that?
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.
Couldn't figure it out
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.
It also had a new problem.
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!
Never got it!!!!!
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.
I'm returning them.
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.
I had to purchase a different case.
Very much disappointed with this company.
It didn't charge for me.
Buttons are too small.
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.
I cannot make calls at certain places.
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.
I'm trying to return it for a refund.
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.
Earbud piece breaks easily.
Lousy product.
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.
Not enough volume.
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.
don't waste your money.
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.
Phone falls out easily.
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.
Painful on the ear.
Lasted one day and then blew up.
disappointed.
Kind of flops around.
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.
Item Does Not Match Picture.
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  
Very little music or anything to speak of.  
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  
Wasted two hours.  
A bit predictable.  
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  
 The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.   1 I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.   1 In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.   1 How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?   1 It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.   1 Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.   1 This short film certainly pulls no punches.   0 Graphics is far from the best part of the game.   0 This is the number one best TH game in the series.   1 It deserves strong love.   1 It is an insane game.   1 There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.   1 Waste your money on this game.   1 This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.   1 Actually, the graphics were good at the time.   1 Today the graphics are crap.   0 As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.   1 This game rocks.   1 Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.   1 It's PURE BRILLIANCE.   1 This was a flick doomed from its conception.   0 The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.   0 I wasn't the least bit interested.   0 Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.   0 But it's just not funny.   0 But even the talented Carrell can't save this.   0 His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.   0 The story itself is just predictable and lazy.   0 The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.   0 But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.   0 The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.   1 I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.   1 In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.   1 It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.   1 On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.   0 Long, whiny and pointless.   0 But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.   0 Excellent cast, story line, performances.   1 Totally believable.   1 Anne Heche was utterly convincing.   1 Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.   1 I sat riveted to the TV screen.   1 All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.   1 I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.   1 I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.   1 I was very disappointed in the movie.   0 One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.   0 There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.   0 There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.   0 This movie totally grates on my nerves.   0 The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.   0 And, quite honestly, often its not very good.   0 Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.   0 It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.   0 There are some generally great things in it.   1 I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.   0 The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.   1 I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.   1 If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.   1 Alexander Nevsky is a great film.   1 He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.   1 I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.   0 This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.   1 If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.   1 Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.   1 Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.   1 Give this one a look.   1 I gave it a 10   1 The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.   1 It is a true classic.   1 It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.   1 Definitely worth checking out.   1 The problem was the script.   0 It was horrendous.   0 There was NOTHING believable about it at all.   0 The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.   0 MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.   1 The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.   1 The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.   1 Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.   1 If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.   1 I don't think you will be disappointed.   1 Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.   0 The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.   0 It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.   0 Too politically correct.   0 Very disappointing.   0 The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.   1 I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.   0 An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.   0 But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.   1 The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.   1 The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.   0 The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!   0 ), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.   0 The directing seems too pretentious.   0 The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.   0 And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.   0 Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.   0 Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.   1 I really liked that.   1 A great film by a great director.   1 The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.   1 The music in the film is really nice too.   1 I'd advise anyone to go and see it.   1 Brilliant!   1 10/10   1 I liked this movie way too much.   1 My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.   0 It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.   1 However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.   0 There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.   0 There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.   0 This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".   0 All in all, a great disappointment.   0 I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".   0 I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.   0 I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.   0 IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.   0 I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.   0 Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.   0 These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.   0 All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.   0 It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.   0 You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.   0 This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.   1 This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.   0 The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.   0 A truly, truly bad film.   0 The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.   0 The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.   0 I paid too much.   0 Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.   1 It was so BORING!   0 No plot whatsoever!   0 Again, no plot at all.   0 Horrible!   0 Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!   0 I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!   0 I hate movies like that.   0 Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.   0 THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!   0 If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.   0 Awful.   0 I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.   0 It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.   0 NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).   0 This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.   0 Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.   0 Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.   1 Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.   0 I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.   0 This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.   0 I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.   0 I mean this in a terrible way.   0 This film has no redeeming features.   0 Everything is appalling.   0 Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.   0 The story is beyond stupid.   0 The script is…was there a script?   0 The kids are annoying.   0 The lead man is charisma-free.   0 Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.   0 I'll even say it again – this is torture.   0 Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.   0 Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.   0 Highly unrecommended.   0 If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.   0 Yes, it's that bad.   0 Nothing at all to recommend.   0 An excellent performance from Ms.   1 Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.   1 It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.   1 This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.   0 There were too many close ups.   0 But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.   0 But this movie is definitely a below average rent.   0 "You'll love it!   1 This movie is BAD.   0 So bad.   0 The film is way too long.   0 This is definitely one of the bad ones.   0 The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.   1 John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.   1 His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.   1 I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.   1 I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.   0 I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.   0 It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.   0 Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.   0 Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.   1 His performance is simply genius.   1 He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.   1 " In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.   1 Ray Charles is legendary.   1 Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.   1 Hitchcock is a great director.   1 Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.   0 Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.   1 It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.   0 Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.   0 The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.   0 There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.   0 Mishima is extremely uninteresting.   0 This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.   0 The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.   0 And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.   0 He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.   0 Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.   0 When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.   1 I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.   1 However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.   0 I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.   0 The character developments also lacked in depth.   0 Woa, talk about awful.   0 Do not waste your time.   0 It was just too horrible.   0 The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.   0 But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.   0 The poor actors.   0 You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.   0 If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.   0 This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.   0 If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.   1 The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.   1 Regrettably, the film fails.   0 The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.   0 No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.   0 Yet, I enjoy watching it.   1 Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.   0 Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!   0 The dialogue sucked.   0 The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.   0 The soundtrack sucked.   0 The acting sucked.   0 The concert sequences just sucked.   0 That was nice.   1 That was funny.   1 It was so funny.   1 Overall, this movie was cheap trash.   0 But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.   0 I came out of it feeling angry.   0 ***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.   1 The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.   1 Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).   1 And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.   1 All things considered, a job very well done.   1 Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.   1 One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.   1 It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.   1 The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.   1 It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.   1 Up there with the best of Melville.   1 Everything about this film is simply incredible.   1 You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.   1 BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.   1 The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.   1 I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.   1 I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.   0 If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.   0 There is a lot of beautiful places.   1 It was forced, like everything in this movie.   0 Again, lame.   0 Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.   0 And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.   0 When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.   0 Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.   0 The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.   0 The acting was bad.   0 Really bad.   0 Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.   0 Camerawork - again, bad.   0 Rating: 1 out of 10.   0 An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!   1 Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.   1 He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.   1 His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.   1 Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.   1 And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.   1 I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.   1 I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!   1 I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!   1 10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.   1 I literally vomited while watching this film.   0 I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.   1 his performance, as awarded, was stunning.   1 the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.   1 In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.   1 All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.   1 I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.   0 But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".   0 To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .   0 One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.   0 This is such a fun and funny movie.   1 Highly entertaining at all angles.   1 It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.   1 So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.   1 It even has its sweet moments.   1 The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.   1 All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.   1 And I really did find them funny.   1 This is actually a very smart movie.   1 There is a brilliant twist ending.   1 " I love it.   1 The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.   1 I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.   1 I will never forget it now.   1 It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.   1 Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.   0 The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.   0 This movie is terrible.   0 The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.   0 For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!   0 To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!   0 Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.   0 In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.   0 It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.   0 The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.   0 By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.   0 Glad I didn't pay to see it.   0 Didn't laugh or even smile once.   0 But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...   0 It is a really good show to watch.   1 It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.   1 Barney is definitely super DE duper.   1 is pretty funny.   1 Babie Bop is very cute.   1 The kids are very cool too.   1 " But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.   0 It's just lame.   0 The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.   0 Everything about this movie is stupid.   0 Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.   0 It is shameful.   0 I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.   1 The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.   1 I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.   1 Now you know why I gave it a 10+!   1 I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.   1 I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.   1 The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.   1 This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.   1 Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.   1 Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.   1 Definitely worth checking out.   1 Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.   1 This movie has a cutting edge to it.   1 I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.   1 The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.   0 I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.   0 It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.   0 The jerky camera movements were also annoying.   0 The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.   0 There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.   0 I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.   0 If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.   0 Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.   1 This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.   1 I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)   1 This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!   0 Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.   0 All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.   0 God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!   0 I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.   1 The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.   1 They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.   1 The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.   1 After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.   1 I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.   1 Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.   1 ) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.   1 Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".   1 This is high adventure at its best.   1 I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.   1 Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.   1 (My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.   1 Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.   0 The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.   0 Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.   0 Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.   1 The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.   1 A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.   1 For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!   1 It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.   1 It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!   1 It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.   1 I rather enjoyed it.   1 I liked it.   1 I couldn't take them seriously.   0 It really created a unique feeling though.   1 Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.   1 A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.   1 Her role was played well.   1 Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.   1 The camera really likes her in this movie.   1 I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.   1 As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.   1 I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.   0 Even worse than Ticker!   0 & That movie was bad.   0 Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!   0 It just blew.   0 This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.   1 I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!   1 Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.   0 This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.   0 Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.   0 I wish I could enter negative values, admins?   0 The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.   0 The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.   0 Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.   0 I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.   0 I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.   0 In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.   0 It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.   0 1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.   0 An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).   1 The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.   1 But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.   0 Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.   1 Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.   0 Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.   1 But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.   0 I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.   0 The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.   1 Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.   0 The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.   0 I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.   1 I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.   1 My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.   1 I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.   1 Wow, what a bad film.   0 Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.   0 The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.   0 Not even good for camp value!   0 I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?   0 You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.   0 This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.   0 If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!   0 This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.   0 This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.   0 I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.   0 Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.   0 Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.   0 But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.   0 The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.   0 The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.   0 Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.   0 I was deeply impressed with the character he played.   1 I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.   1 A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.   0 Even the squibs look awful.   0 At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.   0 The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.   0 The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.   0 I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.   0 The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.   0 About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.   0 The directing is sloppy at best.   0 Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.   0 Of course, the acting is blah.   0 The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.   0 And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.   0 I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.   1 I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.   1 This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.   1 This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.   1 Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.   1 Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.   1 I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.   0 It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.   0 Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.   1 This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.   1 But this movie really got to me.   1 See it.   1 I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.   1 And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.   1 This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.   1 I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.   1 Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.   1 Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.   1 The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.   1 I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.   1 Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.   1 The rest of the cast also play well.   1 Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.   1 About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.   0 About half way through this film I started to dislike it.   0 By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.   0 What this film lacks is a convincing script.   0 The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.   0 Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.   0 The cast is good.   1 For that, it's worth checking out.   1 This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.   0 It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.   0 Everything about it is just bad.   0 I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.   0 The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.   0 The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.   0 Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!   0 It is zillion times away from reality.   0 Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.   0 Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.   0 20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.   0 Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.   0 From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!   0 His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.   0 And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.   0 Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!   0 (very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.   0 there are so many problems i dont know where to start.   0 the cast was great.   1 steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.   1 add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.   1 but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.   0 first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.   0 the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.   0 putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.   0 there is no real plot.   0 i wouldnt see this movie again for free.   0 STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.   1 This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.   1 While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.   1 However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.   1 It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.   1 Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.   1 The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.   0 I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.   0 The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.   1 John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.   1 I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.   0 This may be the only bad film he ever made.   0 So bad...well...it's just bad.   0 This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.   0 It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.   0 I thought it was bad.   0 Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.   0 Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.   0 The script is a big flawed mess.   0 The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.   0 Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.   0 The movie is terribly boring in places.   0 The lighting is awful.   0 The film looks cheap and bland.   0 One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.   0 This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.   0 The visual effects were AWFUL.   0 The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!   0 The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.   0 Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.   1 Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!   1 To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.   0 Not recommended.   0 He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.   0 Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.   0 I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.   0 Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.   0 The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).   1 With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.   0 The budget was evidently very limited.   0 This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.   0 However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.   0 Filmiing was less expansive.   0 It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.   0 Generally; it just lacked imagination.   0 Not recommended.   0 Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?   0 There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.   0 Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.   0 Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!   0 I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!   0 Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!   0 Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.   1 But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.   1 The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.   1 Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).   1 The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.   1 Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.   1 Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.   0 Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.   0 Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.   1 There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.   0 I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.   0 What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?   0 To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.   0 In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.   0 The story line is just awful!   0 It's just painful!   0 And the accents are absolutely abysmal!   0 There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.   0 Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.   0 I believe that Pitch Black was done well.   1 The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.   1 Go watch it!   1 Omit watching this.   0 VERY funny!   1 My rating: just 3 out of 10.   0 The characters are interesting and you really care for them.   1 An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.   1 Don't miss it.   1 This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.   1 A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).   1 But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.   1 It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.   1 The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.   0 Regardless, the film fails on most levels.   0 Avoid at all costs.   0 I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!   1 I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!   1 His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!   1 I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.   1 But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.   1 I'll give this film 10 out of 10!   1 I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.   0 He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.   0 Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.   1 Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.   1 Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.   1 I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!   1 Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !   1 But it is entertaining, nonetheless.   1 It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.   1 There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.   1 The cast is always entertaining as usual.   1 Overall, a delight!   1 This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.   0 The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.   0 The least said about the acting the better.   0 This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.   1 I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.   1 Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.   1 The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.   1 Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10   1 Excellent performance.   1 There still are good actors around!   1 Also great directing and photography.   1 Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.   1 Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.   1 Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.   1 If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.   1 This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.   1 Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.   1 However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.   1 Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.   1 Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.   0 Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.   0 If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.   1 It is not good.   0 Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.   0 Then the film just dropped the ball.   0 This is a stunning movie.   1 Raw and sublimely moving.   1 It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.   1 All of the main players are mesmerising.   1 Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.   1 Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.   1 He's a national treasure.   1 GO AND SEE IT!   1 This is an excellent film.   1 The aerial scenes were well-done.   1 It was also the right balance of war and love.   1 The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.   1 Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.   1 A good film by a great director!   1 This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.   1 There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.   0 This is just a great movie.   1 10 out of 10 stars.   1 I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.   0 It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.   0 Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.   1 Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.   1 This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.   1 I advise you to look out for it.   1 You wont regret it!   1 Highly recommended A+   1 Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.   0 It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.   0 It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.   0 ) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.   0 It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.   0 How awful she is!   0 But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.   0 The results, well, are a shame.   0 DELETE this film from your mind!   0 One of the worst shows of all time.   0 The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.   0 The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???   0 Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.   0 Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.   0 The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.   0 Lame would be the best way to describe it.   0 Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.   1 The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.   1 The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.   1 Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.   0 The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.   0 You can find better movies at youtube.   0 Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.   0 A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.   0 That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.   0 So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.   0 It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.   0 It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.   0 Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.   0 Avoid, avoid, avoid!   0 It will drive you barking mad!   0 The transfers are very good.   1 Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.   1 The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!   1 ) some great music, and terrific scenery.   1 It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!   1 ) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!   1 The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.   1 It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!   1 Nothing new there.   0 That was done in the second movie.   0 The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.   0 The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.   0 What on earth is Irons doing in this film?   0 I just saw this film and I recommend it.   1 It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.   1 A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.   1 Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.   1 Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.   1 Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.   1 In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.   1 Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).   1 I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.   1 I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.   1 The football scenes at the end were perplexing.   0 But I thought his acting was skilled.   1 Meredith M was better than all right.   1 A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.   1 It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.   1 Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.   1 This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.   1 This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.   1 A standout scene.   1 This scene is very strong and unpleasant.   0 Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.   1 It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.   1 The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.   1 I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.   1 This movie is also revealing.   1 Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.   1 And it was boring.   0 I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.   0 PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.   1 It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.   1 An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.   1 All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.   1 You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.   1 The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.   1 Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.   1 You won't forget this movie!   1 Why was this film made?   0 The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.   0 The result is a film that just don't look right.   0 None of them are engaging or exciting.   0 The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.   0 The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.   0 I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.   1 But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.   1 This movie is so awesome!   1 I loved it, it was really scary.   1 I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.   1 If you want a real scare rent this one!   1 10/10   1 This is an extraordinary film.   1 As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.   1 This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.   1 The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.   1 This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.   1 Predictable, but not a bad watch.   1 It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.   1 She carries the movie well.   1 Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.   1 It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.   1 How this piece of trash was ever r
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.
very tough and very short on flavor!
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.
The service was not up to par, either.
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.
I think not again
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.
Service stinks here!
I waited and waited.
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!
Just don't know why they were so slow.
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.
Never again will I be dining at this place!
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.
Food was really boring.
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!
Will never, ever go back.
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.
Never going back.
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.
The only downside is the service.
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.
Everything was gross.
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.
There is nothing authentic about this place.
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.
He was terrible!
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.
They dropped more than the ball.
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.
I took back my money and got outta there.
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.
I won't be back.
The food was terrible.
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.
This is a disgrace.
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.
This one is simply a disappointment.
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!
Left very frustrated.
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
For service, I give them no stars.
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).
But now I was completely grossed out.
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.
What a mistake that was!
Waiter was a jerk.
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.
I never come again.
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.
Nothing special.
Will not be back.
Sauce was tasteless.
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.
I was so insulted.
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.
The manager was the worst.
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.
Don't waste your time here.
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.
The selection of food was not the best.
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.
And then tragedy struck.
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.
I would not recommend this place.
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.
My gyro was basically lettuce only.
Terrible service!
Thoroughly disappointed!
it was a drive to get there.
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.
A greasy, unhealthy meal.
first time there and might just be the last.
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.
And it was way to expensive.
Terrible management.
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.
Worst martini ever!
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."
The desserts were a bit strange.
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.
After two I felt disgusting.
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"
AN HOUR... seriously?
I consider this theft.
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.
Waited and waited and waited.
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.
Boy was that sucker dry!!.
Over rated.
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.
The kids play area is NASTY!
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!
Not good for the money.
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.
I just wanted to leave.
I will not be eating there again.
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.
I will not return.
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.
Very disappointing!!!
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.
I'm not eating here!
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.
Very bad Experience!
What a mistake.
Food was average at best.
We won't be going back anytime soon!
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.
The fried rice was dry as well.
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.
dont go here.
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.
Service was slow and not attentive.
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.
Total brunch fail.
I probably won't be back, to be honest.
Went for lunch - service was slow.
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.
I was mortified.
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.
Would not recommend to others.
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!
Not my thing.
If you are reading this please don't go there.
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.
It was way over fried.
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.
Will not be back!
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.
The service was poor and thats being nice.
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.
But the service was beyond bad.
Tasted like dirt.
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".
What did bother me, was the slow service.
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.
Unfortunately, it was not good.
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.
We will not be coming back.
Once your food arrives it's meh.
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.
Mediocre food.
I'm super pissd.
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!
The service was terrible though.
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!
It was packed!!
The food was terrible.
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.
This place should honestly be blown up.
But I definitely would not eat here again.
Do not waste your money here!
Awful service.
Won't ever go here again.
Food quality has been horrible.
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.
The service here is fair at best.
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.
Very poor service.
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.
I won't be back.
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!
This place deserves no stars.
I would not recommend this place.
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!
I probably would not go here again.
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.
I probably won't be coming back here.
Worst food/service I've had in a while.
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.
Weird vibe from owners.
There was hardly any meat.
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.
The service was extremely slow.
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.
Worst Thai ever.
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!
Spend your money elsewhere.
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.
And the drinks are WEAK, people!
-My order was not correct.
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.
We won't be returning.
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.
Very, very sad.
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.
This place is disgusting!
The RI style calamari was a joke.
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!
Disappointing experience.
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.
We won't be going back.
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.
This place lacked style!!
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.
Don't bother coming here.
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.
It was equally awful.
Probably not in a hurry to go back.
very slow at seating even with reservation.
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.
I was VERY disappointed!!
This place is horrible and way overpriced.
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.
Con: spotty service.
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.
But then they came back cold.
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.
The real disappointment was our waiter.
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.
But I don't like it.
Hell no will I go back
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.
The ambiance isn't much better.
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.
The food wasn't good.
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.
What happened next was pretty....off putting.
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.
Overpriced for what you are getting.
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.
Food was below average.
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.
Spend your money and time some place else.
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.
the presentation of the food was awful.
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.
Appetite instantly gone.
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.