Good case, Excellent value.
Great for the jawbone.
The mic is great.
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!
And the sound quality is great.
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.
Very good quality though
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.
So Far So Good!.
Works great!.
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended
It has kept up very well.
The case is great and works fine with the 680.
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.
Nice headset priced right.
Excellent bluetooth headset.
It has all the features I want
This case seems well made.
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.
I love this thing!
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.
Great for iPODs too.
This device is great in several situations:1.)
Great choice!
Nice docking station for home or work.
This is a beautiful phone.
Love this product.
This is a great little item.
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.
This phone works great.
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!
The phone loads super!
Made very sturdy.
Worked great!.
Will order from them again!
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.
Definitely a bargain.
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.
Great product, fast shipping!.
Absolutely great.
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.
It is very comfortable on the ear.
It has been a winner for us.
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.
Iam very pleased with my purchase.
Gets the job done.
Great audio!.
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.
!I definitly recommend!!
Very good stuff for the price.
My headset works just peachy-keen.
Voice recognition is tremendous!
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!
And I just love the colors!
W810i is just SUPERB.
Great charger.
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.
Great Value.
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.
Superb Phone on a Great Network.
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.
Incredible!.
Great phone!.
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.
You'll love how thin it is.
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.
All in all I think it was a good investment.
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.
great headset, very impressed - H500.
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.
Good transmit audio.
Great price also!
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.
fast service.
I would highly recommend this.
I would recommend this.
I'm still infatuated with this phone.
Simple, lightweight and great fit.
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.
Great sound and service.
Really pleased with this product so far.
One of my favorite purchases ever.
best bluetooth on the market.
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.
Worth every penny.
Excellent wallet type phone case.
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.
I love all the features and form factor.
Great Earpiece.
Excellent hands free tool.
Great for using with your home stereo.
Good product - incredible value.
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.
Works great.
Battery life is real good.
It's a great item.
Love this headset!
Worked perfectly!
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.
Reversible plug works great.
Very good phone.
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.
Comfort for our whole family.
Good product, good seller.
I love this bluetooth!
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.
I got it because it was so small and adorable.
Great phone!.
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems
Great Phone.
Excellent Phone.
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.
This one works and was priced right.
Now I know that I made a wise decision.
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.
Good price.
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.
I received it quickly and it works great!!
Has been working great.
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.
I love this device.
I am also very happy with the price.
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.
good item, low price.
VERY comfortable.
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.
The reception is excellent!
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.
Excellent sound quality.
New Battery works great in phone.
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).
Good audio quality.
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.
Nice design and quality.
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.
It definitely was not as good as my S11.
awesome device.
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.
Love This Phone.
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.
Battery life is also great!
Protects the phone on all sides.
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.
Great Hands Free Device.
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.
Magical Help.
The best phone in market :).
It worked very well.
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.
Exactly what I wanted.
This is a great deal.
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.
Better than you'd expect.
Great product and price.
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !
Very prompt service.
Excellent product for the price.
Very pleased with this headset.
I especially love the long battery life.
Works great.
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.
I highly recommend this device to everyone!
Jawbone Era is awesome too!
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.
Price is good too.
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.
IT'S REALLY EASY.
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.
Fantastic earphones.
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.
Awsome Device Works Great!!.
Restored my phone to like new performance.
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.
Very happy with this product.
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.
Portable and it works.
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.
Timely shipment and quality product.
Nice solid keyboard.
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.
We would recommend these to others.
The battery works great!
Looks great and is strong."
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.
Great software for Motorolas.
The delivery was on time.
Very easy to use.
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.
You won't regret it!
I love this phone!.
This PDA rocks.
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.
Works as described.
WELL IM SATISFIED.
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.
This battery is an excellent bargain!
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.
great...no problems at all!.
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.
very good product, well made.
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.
Works great!.
The noise shield is incrediable.
Razr Battery - Good buy.
Keep up the good work Amazon!!
Great case and price!
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.
I am glad I purchased it.
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.
Thank you for such great service.
Its a total package.
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.
Great product for the price!.
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!
Great Product.
This fixes all the problems.
I am very happy
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.
It does everything the description said it would.
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.
Better than expected.
Battery is holding up well.
Linked to my phone without effort.
THey are so cool!
Easy to use.
Better Than New.
A pretty good product.
This is a great phone!.
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.
Those phones are working just fine now.
I am more than happy with this product.
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.
These are fabulous!
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.
Very wind-resistant.
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.
Great phone.
I'm pleased.
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.
Does everything it should and more.
Nice Sound.
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.
Setup went very smoothly.
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.
Works well.
Clear crisp sound.
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.
You can't beat the price on these.
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!
lightweight and works well.
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.
It was a great phone.
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.
Krussel Always good.
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.
The design is very good.4.
I great reception all the time.
I would highly recommend this product.
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.
Blue Ant is easy to use.
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.
The sound quality is excellent as well.
Its the best headset I have used.
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.
Just what I wanted.
Great product.
Crisp and Clear.
The reception has been generally good.
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.
Great bluetooth!.
I highly recommend this case.
WORTHWHILE.
This is a great deal.
It is simple to use and I like it.
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.
Great Phone.
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.
Perfect for the PS3.
Five star Plus, plus.
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.
Good , works fine.
For the price this was a great deal.
Great price, too!
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!
The reception through this headset is excellent.
2 thumbs up to this seller
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.
Battery charge-life is quite long.
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.
Product is exactly as described.
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.
I would recommend it.
Plan on ordering from them again and again.
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).
The shipping time was also very quick!
Good case!.
Really good product.
It looks very nice.
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.
Comfortable in my hand.
(It works!)
So far it has worked like a charm.
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.
Would recommend this item.
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.
Nice case, feels good in your hands.
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.
Works fine.
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.
My sister has one also and she loves it.
Good Quality.
Excellent dual-purpose headset.
Excellent!.
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.
Best headset ever!!!.
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.
Excellent product for the price.
It was quite comfortable in the ear.
Great phone.
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.
Good show, Samsung.
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.
Works for me.
much better than the hard plastic cases.
Happy so far!.
cool phone.
Works good.
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.
but it is great, i would really recommend it
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.
nice leather.
It is a joy to use.
Very satisifed with that.
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.
Love it.. Great armband.
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.
Also makes it easier to hold on to.
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!
It's pretty easy.
Beautiful styling though.
Excellent product.
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.
SWEETEST PHONE!!!
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  
And those baby owls were adorable.  
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  
It Was So Cool.  
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.
Owner's are really great people.!
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.
Fantastic service here.
They know how to make them here.
I hope this place sticks around.
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.
You can't beat that.
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.
Great Pizza and Salads!
This place is amazing!
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.
The food was excellent and service was very good.
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.
Good Service-check!
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.
I did not expect this to be so good!
Fantastic food!
The food was very good.
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.
All the bread is made in-house!
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!
You won't be disappointed.
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.
I love this place.
Great service and food.
OMG, the food was delicioso!
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.
It's worth driving up from Tucson!
Pretty good beer selection too.
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.
Everyone is treated equally special.
It was delicious!!!
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!
Best fish I've ever had in my life!
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.
Pretty cool I would say.
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.
He deserves 5 stars.
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!
Best tacos in town by far!!
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.
They have great dinners.
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.
Def coming back to bowl next time
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.
I'll definitely be in soon again.
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.
Service was fantastic.
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.
I really enjoyed eating here.
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.
No complaints!
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.
We loved the biscuits!!!
Service is quick and friendly.
So absolutley fantastic.
definitely will come back here again.
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.
Wow very spicy but delicious.
If you're not familiar, check it out.
I'd love to go back.
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.
Food was so gooodd.
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.
Nargile - I think you are great.
Best tater tots in the southwest.
We loved the place.
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.
Love the margaritas, too!
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.
Very good, though!
Great pork sandwich.
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.
I LOVED it!
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.
How awesome is that.
I will be back many times soon.
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.
Waitress was sweet and funny.
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!
Cant say enough good things about this place.
The ambiance was incredible.
The waitress and manager are so friendly.
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!
Reasonably priced also!
Everything was perfect the night we were in.
The food is very good for your typical bar food.
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!
Those burgers were amazing.
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.
The bartender was also nice.
Everything was good and tasty!
This place is two thumbs up....way up.
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!
Nice ambiance.
I would recommend saving room for this!
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!
I *heart* this place.
A good time!
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.
Generous portions and great taste.
Food was delicious!
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.
Service was good and the company was better!
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.
Their steaks are 100% recommended!
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.
Great place fo take out or eat in.
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.
Good value, great food, great service.
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.
The food is good.
It was awesome.
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!
An absolute must visit!
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.
They really want to make your experience a good one.
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.
Pretty awesome place.
Ambience is perfect.
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.
We were promptly greeted and seated.
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.
This is a good joint.
The Macarons here are insanely good.
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.
Great food.
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.
The patio seating was very comfortable.
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.
It was just not a fun experience.
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.
Both great!
Eclectic selection.
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.
The staff was very attentive.
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.
I promise they won't disappoint.
What a great double cheeseburger!
Awesome service and food.
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!
I can't wait to go back.
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.
Very good food, great atmosphere.1
Damn good steak.
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!
Good food , good service .
It was absolutely amazing.
will definitely be back!
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.
The atmosphere here is fun.
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.
2 Thumbs Up!!
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!
They have a really nice atmosphere.
After one bite, I was hooked.
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.
Awesome selection of beer.
Great food and awesome service!
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.
As for the service, I thought it was good.
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.
Overall, I like there food and the service.
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.
Never had anything to complain about here.
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!
This is a GREAT place to eat!
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.
I'm so happy to be here!!!"
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .
The block was amazing.
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!
These were so good we ordered them twice.
I had a pretty satifying experience.
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.
And service was super friendly.
This place was such a nice surprise!
They were golden-crispy and delicious.
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.
I love this place.
I can say that the desserts were yummy.
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.
They were excellent.
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!
The food came out at a good pace.
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.
The price is reasonable and the service is great.
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.
I love their fries and their beans.
Always a pleasure dealing with him.
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.
Go To Place for Gyros.
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!
We definately enjoyed ourselves.
Seriously killer hot chai latte.
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.
The pizza selections are good.
I had strawberry tea, which was good.
Overall, a great experience.
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.